Update components_overview.md with text fixes (#7335)
holoviz/panel: doc/explanation/components/components_overview.md

- *Widgets*: widgets are components, usually quite small even if there are exceptions, that allow your users to interact with your app. Most importantly, they allow you to get user input! Examples include a text input, a checkbox, a slider, etc.
- *Panes*: panes are wrappers around some data that allow you to render that data, possibly customizing the rendering. Panel is known to support many data types, especially from the PyData ecosystem. You can indeed display a Pandas DataFrame, a Plotly plot, a Matplotlib plot, an Altair plot, all together on the same app! You can of course display HTML text or just raw text. Panes aren't limited to rendering data statically, they can allow for some user interactions and state syncing, like for instance the `Audio` or `Vega` panes.
- *Indicators*: indicators are useful to display some static state. They are implemented as widgets that you can only control programmatically. Examples include a progress indicator or a tooltip.
- *Layouts*: after having built various widgets, panes and indicators, it's time to display them together. Panel provides a dozen of layout components, including of course the most common `Row` and `Column` layouts.

> - *Templates*: templates are components that render multiple Panel objects in an HTML document. The basic template, which you get when you serve an app without setting any template, is basically a blank canvas. When you use one of the built-in templates instead, you can easily improve the design and branding of your app, as the templates incluede elenents like a header, a sidebar, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Templates*: templates are components that render multiple Panel objects in an HTML document. The basic template, which you get when you serve an app without setting any template, is basically a blank canvas. When you use one of the built-in templates instead, you can easily improve the design and branding of your app, as the templates include elements like a header, a sidebar, etc.
```

:::

Since an app can only have one template, Panel allows to declare the app template via `pn.extension(template='..')`. Of course you can also explicitly instantiate a template and manipulate it as you would do with other Panel objects. Try serving the content of this snippet.

```python
import panel as pn

template = pn.template.BootstrapTemplate(title='Loving Panel!')

def compute(i):
    return '❤️' * i

w_number = pn.widgets.IntSlider(value=5, start=1, end=5)
p_hearts = pn.panel(pn.bind(compute, w_number))

template.sidebar.append(w_number)
template.main.append(p_hearts)
template.show()
```

## Notifications

The web apps you end up building with Panel are often quite interactive. Therefore you will be interested in finding a way to let your users know what's going on, when their operations succeed or abort, etc. This is exactly what notifications are for! Contrary to the components we have just covered, notifications are objects you don't manipulate directly, instead you just call `pn.state.notifications` with one the following methods: `success`, `info`, `warning` and `error`.

```{pyodide}

> pn.state.notifications.success('Your f# Components Overview

Reviewer: Everything below this looks to be duplicated.

```{pyodide}
pn.state.notifications.error('Oops!', duration=5000)
```

> irst notification!')
> ```
> 
> ```{pyodide}
> pn.state.notifications.error('Oops!', duration=5000)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
